what is up YouTube it's die hard here
bringing you a very special an-94
gameplay I went on 18 and 6 in this game
and I was kind of like yay um when after
you guys watch this I'll already have
you know it'll be the following week so
by time you see this I went with my I
went up to my dad's house and so we went
and saw my my step mom she she got
baptized and that was pretty cool it was
a little different you know because
usually people get baptized when they're
younger they don't usually wait but she
waited and it was the right time for her
and she accepted the Lord into her life
and all that good stuff so you know more
power to her and I'm not gonna try to
push the religion thing on anybody
because everybody's got their own
beliefs and what they think you know
they should do and I just wanted to let
that be known but yeah so if you ever
you know wonder what I do on the
weekends it just depends I mean
sometimes I play game sometimes I do
nothing and then every now and then I'll
probably up to my dad's house um last
year we went up to my dad's house like
every other day during the summer I
spent a good portion of the summer up at
my dad's house and it's about an hour
drive to my to my dad's house so about
an hour and a half I guess but um but
yeah so I hope you guys enjoyed
pac-man's video on Saturday I I enjoyed
it he was a little under the under the
weather when he was doing the the the
video and stuff and you know what those
things happen you know I people get
colds I get sick they get ill all that
good stuff that it does happen but we
always persevere and move on through it
so that's always a good good thing to do
but uh but yes I mean if you know
anything about religion then you know
the importance of getting baptized
in that sense but uh you know this is a
kind of short gameplay this isn't a long
one so it's only I think barely six
minutes or like five and a half minutes
or whatever but yeah the one man death I
know I've been talked about this word
past couple of weeks but the one man
deathmatch tournament series thing we're
still waiting on people to join we need
more people and so this is this is your
call to action here but um if you are
interested you know let us know and we
will get you added and we'll get you in
there because that's what we're all
about we love interacting with people I
love interacting with people so let
that's what I'm saying just you know get
involved you know there's no shame
whether win or lose I mean like I said
it's pretty much just bragging rights
but still laid those bragging rights can
go a long ways to you know make somebody
feel good about themselves and you'll
get a big shout out and stuff and you
know we'll be like oh hey you know you
want to play with this guy because
they're good so yeah I mean if you think
you can hack it you know in one man
deathmatches it's pretty much a
free-for-all it's just a different name
it's a free throw with a different name
custom game the classes will be changed
up a little bit and it'll be in a
single-elimination thing so as you saw I
got a hellstorm missile here and I'm
kind of getting better with those I'm
not super great with them but I try and
then you know I had a couple of messages
on my Twitter the other day asking me
why I'm not why I haven't been playing
WWE or why haven't uploaded any
wrestling stuff and the fact the truth
is you know I just don't really want to
go on there right now I don't really
have a reason to go on to WWE 13 I'm
having fun with call of duty black ops I
mean you guys should hear some of my
outtakes I guess or when I'm not
recording I get pretty livid when I'm
playing the game but it's it's all good
fun I you never let one loss carry over
into the next game you know if you if
you lose a game don't let it carry over
to the next one
just move on and keep on going because
in any game somebody can do better than
somebody else and that's why i say i'm
not a pro gamer but it does say D H pro
gaming but like i like i always say you
know some games i'll do really good like
i did i went i had a 2 point 0 KD in
this game you know i went 18 and six
that was pretty cool for me but i also
have games where I don't do so hot and I
go like you know ten and twenty two or
something you know that's that's
negative 12 but guys this gameplay is
ramping up so you know I want what I
want you guys to do it I want to
interact with you guys a little bit
share with the share with me an
experience you had you know whether good
or bad leave it in the comments or
whatever give me something let me let me
know something about you know whether it
was fun something you did this weekend
that you enjoyed but and I get the final
kill here on a sniper that was posted up
but look at this just boom boo boo boo
boom and you know 75 to i think was 48
and i went 18 and six with my an 94 so I
am die hard and I will you know of
course I will see you guys later and all
that good stuff and make sure to watch
pac-man's videos on saturdays see ya